_pages/about.md, before:

---
permalink: /
title: "About"
excerpt: "About"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

{% include base_path %}

I’m Abdollah, an Undergraduate student at [École polytechnique](https://www.polytechnique.edu/en). I will receive my BS from [École polytechnique](https://www.polytechnique.edu/en) at the end of this year, and will start my Masters degree next year. I am actually working on a data science project where I use many different qualitative, quantitative, and computational methods to study and analyze publice health data, while trying to reach two goals: 1) to predict if a person is addicted to pain-killers or not, and 2) understand pain and find ways to treat it optimally.

I am taking courses in Mathematics/Statistics, but I have just enough passion for finance and data science to make trouble. I’m the current Head of the Communication department at [X-Entreprises](http://www.xentreprises.com/en/), and the  Director of External Relations at my school's student association [JTX](http://binet-jtx.com/jtx). I am also an active member of my school's boxing club.

I will be uploading my course projects as well as many side projects on my [Github repositories](https://github.com/AbdollahRida).   My resume is available [here](https://abdollahrida.github.io/cv/), and is also on my [LinkedIn profile](https://www.linkedin.com/in/abdollah-rida/?locale=en_US).

Commit message:

Updating the About me Page
Several details added. Need cross checking

_pages/about.md, after:

---
permalink: /
title: "About"
excerpt: "About"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

{% include base_path %}

I’m Abdollah, a graduate student at [École polytechnique](https://www.polytechnique.edu/en). I received my Bachelor of Science degree from [École polytechnique](https://www.polytechnique.edu/en) last year, and I am currently working towards my Masters. I am specializing in Mathematical Finance, Operational Research and Machine/Deep Learning. I worked on a data science project where I use many different qualitative, quantitative, and computational methods to study and analyze publice health data, while trying to reach two goals: 1) to predict if a person is addicted to pain-killers or not, and 2) understand pain and find ways to treat it optimally.

My passion for fiannce led me to spend 3 months working at [BNP Paribas][1] as a Model Risk Manager, where I developed a new way of Credit Scoring and Probability of Default prediction on several portfolios. I'm the current President of [X-Ray][2], [École polytechnique](https://www.polytechnique.edu/en)'s Radio, and the  Director of External Relations at my school's student association [JTX](http://binet-jtx.com/jtx). I also was Head of the Communication department at [X-Entreprises](http://www.xentreprises.com/en/), and I am an active member of my school's boxing club.

I will be uploading my school projects as well as many side projects on my [Github repositories](https://github.com/AbdollahRida).   My resume is available [here](https://abdollahrida.github.io/cv/), and is also on my [LinkedIn profile](https://www.linkedin.com/in/abdollah-rida/?locale=en_US). I have recently discovered the joy of making Jupyter Notebooks about my projects, so expect to see more of them as I upload content! 

[1]:https://mabanque.bnpparibas/
[2]:https://x-ray.binets.fr/
